README.md, before:

# Armor Chroma

This is a [Fabric](https://fabricmc.net/) fork of the original [Armor Chroma](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/armor-chroma) mod by [jobicade], a client-side mod to improve on vanilla's default armor bar.

Features include:
- Different icons depending on the material of equipped items
- Displaying glint for enchanted armor pieces
- Displaying armor points over 20 with additional armor icon rows or with a colored outline
- A minimal config screen accessible through Mod Menu ([CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/modmenu) / [MR](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmenu))
 when Cloth Config ([CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cloth-config) / [MR](https://modrinth.com/mod/cloth-config)) is installed
- Additional icons for supported mods:
  - Additional Additions ([CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/additional-additions) / [MR](https://modrinth.com/mod/addadd))
  - Botania ([CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/botania-fabric) / [MR](https://modrinth.com/mod/botania))
  - Copper Equipment ([CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/copper-equipment-fabric) / [MR](https://modrinth.com/mod/copper-equipment))
  - [DragonLoot](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dragonloot)
  - [Tech Reborn](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/techreborn)
  - See [here](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/armor-chroma) for other mods supported by the original mod (mostly Forge-only mods)
- Optional built-in resource pack by [Andrew Grant] with alternative icons for vanilla materials.

## Credits (Ɛ>)
- Original mod by [jobicade], [original suggestion](https://www.minecraftforum.net/forums/mapping-and-modding/minecraft-mods/requests-ideas-for-mods/2566774) by [badhaloninja](https://www.minecraftforum.net/members/badhaloninja)
- Alternative icons by [Andrew Grant]
- Icons for Additional Additions, Copper Equipment, DragonLoot and Tech Reborn by [Ejektaflex](https://github.com/ejektaflex)
- `it_it` translation by [VladAndreiMorariu](https://github.com/VladAndreiMorariu)
- `ko_kr` translation by [pkb](https://github.com/XxPKBxX)
- Option to reverse the armor order suggested by [robotkoer](https://www.curseforge.com/members/robotkoer/projects)

Links: [original Forge version](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/armor-chroma) · [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/armor-chroma-for-fabric) · [GitHub](https://github.com/A5b84/armor-chroma-fabric) · [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/armor-chroma-for-fabric)

[jobicade]: https://www.curseforge.com/members/jobicade/projects
[Andrew Grant]: https://github.com/Andrew6rant

Commit message:

- Add documentation (#8, #25) - Performance improvement in Util.getGlob (only iterate the entire map if needed) - Minor code cleanup

README.md, after:

# Armor Chroma

This is a [Fabric](https://fabricmc.net/) fork of the original [Armor Chroma](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/armor-chroma) mod by [jobicade], a client-side mod to improve on vanilla's default armor bar.

Features include:
- Different icons depending on the material of equipped items
- Displaying glint for enchanted armor pieces
- Displaying armor points over 20 with additional armor icon rows or with a colored outline
- A minimal config screen accessible through Mod Menu ([CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/modmenu) / [MR](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmenu))
 when Cloth Config ([CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cloth-config) / [MR](https://modrinth.com/mod/cloth-config)) is installed
- Optional built-in resource pack by [Andrew Grant] with alternative icons for vanilla materials.

## Mod support
 
Built-in icons are included for some supported mods:
- Additional Additions ([CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/additional-additions) / [MR](https://modrinth.com/mod/addadd))
- Botania ([CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/botania-fabric) / [MR](https://modrinth.com/mod/botania))
- Copper Equipment ([CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/copper-equipment-fabric) / [MR](https://modrinth.com/mod/copper-equipment))
- [DragonLoot](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dragonloot)
- [Tech Reborn](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/techreborn)

(See [here](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/armor-chroma) for other mods supported by the original mod (mostly Forge-only mods).)

Support for other mods can be added using resource packs, for instance [Chromatic Icons
](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/chromatic-icons).

To create your own resource pack, see the documentation [here](https://github.com/A5b84/armor-chroma-fabric/blob/main/docs/resource-packs.md).

## Credits (Ɛ>)
- Original mod by [jobicade], [original suggestion](https://www.minecraftforum.net/forums/mapping-and-modding/minecraft-mods/requests-ideas-for-mods/2566774) by [badhaloninja](https://www.minecraftforum.net/members/badhaloninja)
- Alternative icons by [Andrew Grant]
- Icons for Additional Additions, Copper Equipment, DragonLoot and Tech Reborn by [Ejektaflex](https://github.com/ejektaflex)
- `it_it` translation by [VladAndreiMorariu](https://github.com/VladAndreiMorariu)
- `ko_kr` translation by [pkb](https://github.com/XxPKBxX)
- Option to reverse the armor order suggested by [robotkoer](https://www.curseforge.com/members/robotkoer/projects)

Links: [original Forge version](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/armor-chroma) · [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/armor-chroma-for-fabric) · [GitHub](https://github.com/A5b84/armor-chroma-fabric) · [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/armor-chroma-for-fabric)

[jobicade]: https://www.curseforge.com/members/jobicade/projects
[Andrew Grant]: https://github.com/Andrew6rant
